Modify rule S3260: Update rule to include file access modifier (#1798)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3260/csharp/impact.adoc

=== What is the potential impact?

> We measured ~2x improvement in execution time by running the following snippet with https://github.com/dotnet/BenchmarkDotNet[BenchmarkDotNet].

Reviewer: It looks to me that the code is at least 3 times faster.
```suggestion
We measured at least 3x improvement in the execution time by running the following snippet with https://github.com/dotnet/BenchmarkDotNet[BenchmarkDotNet].
```
